Carolina Ocampo has a year to see
suffer your dog Maria
According to the report, your pet was castrated
by an association animal aid
Liberia
for that they used hardware gauzes
she is over 60 and did not want to get
standing up and that's not normal in the
behavior of her and she's a little dog
very happy very restless was always very
happy playful and she starts to
to stay still did not move began to
stop making boxes I did not want to eat
everything vomited she can report
before the college of veterinarians
but no reply is received the
I'm still waiting for schools because
they say popularly they are not giving me
a lot of ball imagine that that is very
away today in Carthage and I have gone to see
the file and they tell me that for
can see it has to be the prosecutor and
when I went there was not the prosecutor for
the veterinarian roger alfaro is
practice is common since it saves time and
money to the person who does it is the
problem of this that can operate at 45
years later this does not absorb is done
in a strange body plastic case
inside your stomach
as from your abdomen begins to cause
very strong reactions alfaro ensures
that made by some doctors
veterinarians and asks for more actions
part of the school the only reason for the
what they use it is to save some
seconds of time and by the vet
or the association that makes
massive castrations opens a little bit
of money to leave for the house with
a hundred thousand more pesitos at the end of the day in
so far this year attended 17 bitches
operated in this way when consulting the
College of veterinary doctors is
indicated that there was no prosecutor to
help us
while we wait for the answer carolina
you want to give a good quality of life to
your dog is the conscience to avoid
continue to do this kind of
practices